Switch `require!` and `assert!` (#106)
near/sdk-docs: docs/best-practices.md

overflow-checks = true
```

## Use `require!` early

Try to validate the input, context, state and access using `require!` before taking any actions. The earlier you panic, the more [gas](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/gas) you will save for the caller.

```rust
#[near_bindgen]
impl Contract {
    pub fn set_fee(&mut self, new_fee: Fee) {
        require!(env::predecessor_account_id() == self.owner_id, "Owner's method");
        new_fee.assert_valid();
        self.internal_set_fee(new_fee);
    }
}
```

> **Note**: Before the SDK version `4.0.0-pre.2`, `require!` a more lightweight version of the Rust `assert!` macro was not available so the standard macro was used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you want debug information in the panic message or if you are using an SDK version before `4.0.0-pre.2`, 
the Rust `assert!` macro can be used instead of `require!`.
```
